# Distributed Autonomous Corporations
##An Interpretation by Devilfish

A Distrubted Autonomous Corporation (DAC) can be defined as an entity which performs services for customers in a way in which there is no single point of failure. A DAC is made up of Shareholders, who hold stock in that DAC which they can buy and sell. Also like a traditional Corporation, shareholders receive a dividend from the fee charged by the DAC for performing it's service. A DAC does not require any board members or a central headquarters for operations to occur due to all the rules detailing how it will perform it's service being defined before the DAC is launched.

DAC's perform their services either through automated software applications, by employing "workers" to perform complex tasks that a computer cannot achieve or a hybrid of the two. The key is for this work to be distrubted in such a way that a single point of failure will not stop the system from working. Information about the DAC such as who holds shares, transactions performed etc. are distrubted from peer to peer with the only way to prevent the system from working is to take out all of those peers. Even then the system can always be restarted assuming the source code is freely available, which is a mandatory requirement for a DAC.

Workers providing services for the DAC receive either shares in the DAC or a fee derived from the amount charged to customers of the DAC each time their work is utilised. A DAC does not descriminate on who can work for them with anyone being allowed to partake assuming they can fulfil the requirements of the job. Workers will be tied to a reputation system which reflects the quality of the work they have performed in their interaction with that particular DAC. Outside information maybe used to guage the quality of a worker, such as quality scores from other DAC's. This will allow customers to make an informed choice on the quality of the services they are receiving.

A DAC must be completely transparent, with all activities associated with it being in the public domain. For example the addresses of all the share holders will be publicly viewable as they will be contained within the DACs BitShare block-chain. The way the DAC performs its' services is also in the public domain with anyone being able to replicate it.

DAC's employ the same mechanism as BitCoin for shareholders to control their shares. With BitCoin a user installs a wallet application on their computer and it downloads a copy of the block1chain. The blockchain is a record of all the transactions that have occured using bitcoin between addresses. In the same fashion a shareholder in a DAC will install a "wallet" which will allow them to see their holdings, receive dividend payments and send/receive shares in that DAC.

A DAC may be upgraded by the community of stake holders, as the source code is open source anyone is free to edit and scrutinise the actions performed by the DAC. However an update will only be succesful if the majority of the community agree to adopt the updated software. In theory the blockchain would be able to maintain all the previous information that has been written to it such as amount of shares associated with addresses, previous dividend payments etc. with just the software used to read and write to it being changed. 